Then you call it
I said you seduced me
They both die together
What are you doing?
The princess was really poisoned
If you don't believe me, take it in and see
I am really poisoned
You must have an antidote
What conditions do you need to help me detoxify?
Tell the three princes
I specifically went to find out what the direction map was for
I don't know, okay, it's all words anyway
Why don't you just let me die?
I can't die
I haven't become the queen mother yet
Enjoy the highest power in the world
You get up
I tell you it is.
Get up and see the top of your head die
In the middle of the night
What are you two doing behind the grading?
Why is Su Aifei screaming?